DOCSP-26223-track-variables (#24)
mongodb/docs-visual-studio-extension: source/analyze-code.txt

      .. figure:: /includes/images/builder-popup-photoshop.png
         :alt: Screenshot of builder expression in visual studio with information message displayed.

> The {+product+} supports builders variables tracking and composition. You can

Reviewer: Suggestion: "builders variables" is reading confusing to me, would "builder variables" work just as well here?

```suggestion
The {+product+} supports builder variable tracking and composition. You can
```

> combine multiple builders expressions with `logical operators

Reviewer: It looks like the rest of the page refers to these as "builder expresssions" (singular builder)

```suggestion
combine multiple builder expressions with `logical operators
```
